Add link to optunahub-registry (#5586)
optuna/optuna: CONTRIBUTING.md

If you feel like giving a hand, here are some ways:
- Implement a feature
    - If you have some cool idea, please open an issue first to discuss design to make your idea in a better shape.

>     - We also welcome PRs for [optunahub-registry](https://github.com/optuna/optunahub-registry), which is a service for sharing user-defined Optuna packages.

Reviewer: I feel optunahub-registry itself is not a service.

```suggestion
    - We also welcome PRs for [optunahub-registry](https://github.com/optuna/optunahub-registry). [OptunaHub](https://hub.optuna.org/) is a feature-sharing platform for Optuna.
```
